Before we start working with AWS,
there are some prerequisites you'll need to ensure you have completed.
The first is to have the AWS CLI downloaded,
installed, and configured with a user.
The user should have permissions to do almost anything in AWS.
If you have to be more restrictive than that,
I recommend taking a look at the services in this course and
giving yourself read/write permissions only for those. We'll
be working a lot with the SDK,
and they generally require you to have your CLI
level configuration already set up.
Next, you should have a good code editor installed.
I'll be using Atom, which is a free editor from GitHub.
If you want to use something different,
my only recommendation is to make sure it has
syntax highlighting and auto indent.
Those are pretty essential for JavaScript development.
You'll also need to have Node and npm installed.
You can download these from the Node website at nodejs.org.
If you download and install Node, it comes with npm.
A minimum Node version of 12 is recommended for this course.
Finally, make sure to download the demo project code.
You can get this code in the exercise files section of this course on
Pluralsight. I'm also making it available on GitHub, if you prefer to get it
from there. I would say the benefit of using the exercise files is that any
changes in the course are present in that code.
It can be very beneficial to have that available in case you make a typo
during a lesson. And that's all you'll need to get started. Now, let's dive deeper into the world of Amazon Web Services.